the fall of a meteorite in the mountains
urals in russia told us rafael
It was even more important because it causes
an explosion that left hundreds of
injured people and some serious
the authorities reported that
fragments of the meteorite affected by
at least six cities around the
point where the astral body fell one
spokesman of the nasa said that this phenomenon
it's not related to the asteroid that
wait near the earth in the
the next few hours what Rafael spoke to us
but we are going to Moscow with ignacio ortega de
the agency efe so that it extends us the
information now about this meteorite
ignacio a pleasure to say hello
Greetings from Moscow that is
more than a thousand kilometers of subsidiaries that is
the place where he fell into the already famous
meteorite
they have even named the
meteorite the car of chinals because
it is just to the region of the urals where
where he fell most of
true fragments of the meteor then to
to say truth there in front of two
hours then when it's seven o'clock and
twenty and there nine twenty in the
urals
the sky of this region was crossed by
a kind of fire trail that
illuminated a principal
now we are in the middle of winter
endorsing there is a lot of light and people
Logically he fell prey to panic because
nobody I know because people did not know if it was a
passenger plane that had you
crashed an earthquake or an explosion
of gas true then the meteor fell
of the tornado you lived and the impact was
the shock wave of the impact of
meteorite from the meteorite fragments
that were several truths that fell
on the soil of the region what
provoked the destruction throughout
this area then let's say band
expansive mainly destroyed the
windows the windows caused a
kind of vibration shivering in
the whole area true then the
windows of schools hospitals
dwellings of thousands of living say
they burst into a thousand pieces and this
logically the people then of the
local population
or was really scared really at the beginning
even all the levels were reported
of radiation had gone up and then
many people locked themselves in house went to
pharmacies to buy hydrogen peroxide
all kinds of different medicines more
faces to stop to cover his mouth
but in a short time already the authorities
reported that levels of
radiation were within the norm
truth that energy water
hot the heating worked from
that everything was in the norm but that's not
calmed the entire population because of course
when you are between sending us several
degrees below zero and your windows
house closed in a thousand pieces by
Logically, they can not protect themselves
from the cold people a lot of people went out to the
street precisely what I thought that
it was an earthquake the meat was going to fall
the building your house on top of the roof and
the 9th for a difficult situation for
them like a science movie
fiction
let me ask you please for the
people that turned out with some kind of
injury
Be there in some reports that have
come they talk about hundreds of people
in addition to those of the real estate that
they noticed affect we are seeing images
presents of a woman who has
in the head and some bandages too
in other parts of the face tell us about
those people
more or less according to the latest the
latest figures from both the ministry of
health as well as local authorities
around a thousand people about 1000
people were injured and all
completely stopped glass wounds
true of hospitals that can
I run out that people are left
people who are beaten
true that slip for example there was in
the local pavilion the ice pavilion
who are called the children who were
skating they fell if they gave a good
true blow with many people with blows
and wounds but usually the minors
serious there are only two people that we know
for 22 people seriously injured and
a score of medium severity and the
rest is understood not to go up or
is in danger so it has been between
quotes rather the true scare and it
expects suddenly a meteorite the
fragments of the meteorite are going to fall
are going to stay in your city because
they came in so great were the
fragments precisely because according to
experts if the meteorite becomes more
small would have disintegrated true
in the atmosphere but as it was quite
great according to experts here is a
great tradition of studying meteorites
It is part of the cosmos as estimated
that the size of say the mass of the
meteorite was about 50 tons is
say it was a great meteorite many
pieces but not logically disintegrates
many others fell in the chile zone
birds and even the shock wave and it
noted even in several regions
adjacent and even in the republic
Central Asian neighbor of Kazakhstan is
say that it has been logically scare
has been quite large in entities there
about three and a half million people
city has a little over one million
then many people felt it up to 200
kilometers of chile a month in the city
of yekaterinburg true where the
president the deceased and yellows and
even at 200 kilometers it would be
perfectly from the wake of the leaf
by the way it was a red wake
of one of the pieces of the meteorite
It has been a good scare without a doubt
my dear ignacio we are seeing
images of the fall of this meteorite
precisely let's hope to see that the
authorities reach this area
to say they find mostly
that scientists can find out about
this meteorite that fell today in russia
ignacio ortega fellow reporter of the
agency efe
conversing with us from Moscow